[Workers] alt text for images (#3890)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/learning/using-services/index.md

2.  Choose your **Worker**.
3.  Select **production** > **Create environment**.

> ![Selecting the Create environment button to begin configuring a new environment](./media/create-environment.png)

Author: ```suggestion
![Select Create environment to begin configuring a new environment](./media/create-environment.png)
```

3.  Choose your **Worker**.
4.  Select **Quick edit**.

> ![Selecting the Quick edit button to make edits to the Worker script](./media/quick-edit.png)

Author: ```suggestion
![Select Quick edit to make edits to the Worker script](./media/quick-edit.png)
```
